<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Pediatric Hematology-Oncology Rapid Review Flash Cards, 1e</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
</head>
<body>
<section epub:type="copyright-page">
<div id="main_container">
<div class="copyright" id="cop">
<span id="pageii" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" aria-label="ii" class="page"></span>
<p class="crt"><i>Acquisitions Editor:</i> Joe Cho</p>
<p class="crt"><i>Senior Development Editor:</i> Ariel S. Winter</p>
<p class="crt"><i>Editorial Coordinator:</i> Remington Fernando</p>
<p class="crt"><i>Marketing Manager:</i> Janet Feeney</p>
<p class="crt"><i>Senior Production Project Manager:</i> Catherine Ott</p>
<p class="crt"><i>Manager, Graphic Arts &#x0026; Design:</i> Stephen Druding</p>
<p class="crt"><i>Senior Manufacturing Coordinator:</i> Margie Orzech-Zeranko</p>
<p class="crt"><i>Prepress Vendor:</i> S4Carlisle Publishing Services</p>
<p class="crt1">Copyright &#x00A9; 2027 Wolters Kluwer</p>
<p class="crt1">All rights reserved. This book is protected by copyright. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including as photocopies or scanned-in or other electronic copies, or utilized by any information storage and retrieval system without written permission from the copyright owner, except for brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. Materials appearing in this book prepared by individuals as part of their official duties as U.S. government employees are not covered by the above-mentioned copyright. To request permission, please contact Wolters Kluwer at Two Commerce Square, 2001 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103, via email at <a href="mailto:permissions@lww.com">permissions@lww.com</a>, or via our website at <a href="http://shop.lww.com">shop.lww.com</a> (products and services).</p>
<p class="crt1">9&#x00A0;&#x00A0;&#x00A0;8&#x00A0;&#x00A0;&#x00A0;7&#x00A0;&#x00A0;&#x00A0;6&#x00A0;&#x00A0;&#x00A0;5&#x00A0;&#x00A0;&#x00A0;4&#x00A0;&#x00A0;&#x00A0;3&#x00A0;&#x00A0;&#x00A0;2&#x00A0;&#x00A0;&#x00A0;1</p>
<p class="crt1">Printed in Mexico</p>
<p class="crt1a"><b>Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</b></p>
<p class="crt1">ISBN: 978-1-975260-33-0</p>
<p class="crt1 crt-line1">Library of Congress Control Number: 2026935607</p>
<p class="crt1">This work is provided &#x201C;as is,&#x201D; and the publisher disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties as to accuracy, comprehensiveness, or currency of the content of this work.</p>
<p class="crt1">This work is no substitute for individual patient assessment based upon healthcare professionals&#x2019; examination of each patient and consideration of, among other things, age, weight, gender, current or prior medical conditions, medication history, laboratory data and other factors unique to the patient. The publisher does not provide medical advice or guidance and this work is merely a reference tool. Healthcare professionals, and not the publisher, are solely responsible for the use of this work including all medical judgments and for any resulting diagnosis and treatments.</p>
<p class="crt1">Given continuous, rapid advances in medical science and health information, independent professional verification of medical diagnoses, indications, appropriate pharmaceutical selections and dosages, and treatment options should be made and healthcare professionals should consult a variety of sources. When prescribing medication, healthcare professionals are advised to consult the product information sheet (the manufacturer&#x2019;s package insert) accompanying each drug to verify, among other things, conditions of use, warnings and side effects and identify any changes in dosage schedule or contraindications, particularly if the medication to be administered is new, infrequently used or has a narrow therapeutic range. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, no responsibility is assumed by the publisher for any injury and/or damage to persons or property, as a matter of products liability, negligence law or otherwise, or from any reference to or use by any person of this work.</p>
<p class="crt2"><a href="http://shop.lww.com">shop.lww.com</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>