<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Pediatric Hematology-Oncology Rapid Review Flash Cards, 1e</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
</head>
<body>
<section aria-labelledby="pre1" epub:type="preface" role="doc-preface">
<div id="main_container">
<span id="pagevi" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" aria-label="vi" class="page"></span>
<header>
<h1 class="fm" id="pre1"><span class="fm-head">PREFACE</span></h1>
</header>
<p class="noindent">In developing the <i>Pediatric Hematology-Oncology Rapid Review Flash Cards</i>, our goal is to create something <b>portable, practical, and versatile</b>: a tool that not only covers <b>board-relevant material</b> but also serves as a <b>quick clinical reference</b>. These flash cards are available in both pocket-sized and electronic formats. Much of the content is presented in tables and diagrams to facilitate rapid review and provide clear visual representations relevant to clinical practice. The layout was intentionally designed to be visually appealing and to train the eye to quickly locate key information. These flash cards are designed foundationally using the most recent <b><i>American Board of Pediatrics</i></b> <b>(ABP) content outline for Pediatric Hematology-Oncology, which served as the guiding framework.</b> Our goal is to help learners <b>identify knowledge gaps</b> while reinforcing a comprehensive understanding of our evolving field.</p>
<p class="noindent">Developed in collaboration with subject matter experts, the cards are organized by overarching exam themes. Each group is subdivided into sections and topics, referenced at the bottom of the card for ease of navigation. Select sections include supplemental high-yield images. Each card highlights key points, with many incorporating clinical pearls in tabular and diagrammatic formats. Additionally, pictorial representations of disease processes and key subjects enhance relevance to clinical practice.</p>
<p class="noindent">We recognize that our field is rapidly evolving, and these flash cards are comprehensive, albeit not exhaustive. We hope this tool will be a <b>valuable companion</b> in your learning journey.</p>
<p class="cont_au1"><b>Ariel Nash, MD</b></p>
<p class="taf">Assistant Professor</p>
<p class="taf">The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center</p>
<p class="taf">Houston, Texas</p>
<p class="cont_au1"><b>Priti Tewari, MD</b></p>
<p class="taf">Professor</p>
<p class="taf">The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center</p>
<p class="taf">Houston, Texas</p>
</div></section></body></html>