<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Hematology Rapid Review, 1e</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
</head>
<body epub:type="frontmatter">
<section epub:type="preface">
<div id="main_container">
<h1 class="fm"><a id="pagev"></a>FOREWORD</h1>
<p class="nonindent">In recent years, the pace of new discovery in medicine has far exceeded anything I could have imagined when I graduated medical school in 1983. Remarkable advances in technology and the availability of large well-annotated datasets have transformed both our understanding of the pathophysiology of illness and the day-to-day practice of medicine. Students, trainees, and providers need to read, retain, and recall vast stores of information for success in academic endeavors and, far more importantly, for clinical care of patients. Despite the extensive repository of medical information often available at our fingertips, there is no substitute for being able to think on your feet.</p>
<p class="nonindent1">Perhaps in no discipline have there been more therapeutic advances than in Hematology and Oncology. Advances in molecular diagnostics, small molecule inhibitors, checkpoint inhibitors, and cellular therapies are rapidly altering the landscape of the field. This volume of collective work in <em>Hematology Rapid Review</em> and <em>Oncology Rapid Review</em> will prepare students of every age to meet the demand of a changing medical environment. Topics include the fundamentals of hematopoiesis, benign hematology, and oncogenesis and then extend to practical applications of the diagnosis and treatment of an array of disorders. The presentation of materials and the format for learning are easily accessible and will have a major impact on a student&#x2019;s capacity to confront the majority of issues that they are likely to face. I only wish this tool were available to me during my training.</p>
<p class="right1">Robert J. Soiffer, MD</p>
<p class="right">Dana-Farber Cancer Institute</p>
<p class="right">Harvard Medical School</p>
</div>
</section>
</body></html>